State the obvious, I didn't get my perfect fantasy
I realize you love yourself more than you could ever love me
So go and tell your friends that I'm obsessive and crazy
That's fine I'll tell mine that you're gay!
That's fine you won't mind if I say
By the way
I hate that stupid old pickup truck
You never let me drive
You're a redneck heartbreak
Who's really bad at lying
So watch me strike a match
On all my wasted time
As far as I'm concerned you're
Just another picture to burn!
There's no time for tears,
I'm just sitting here planning my revenge
There's nothing stopping me
From going out with all of your best friends
And if you come around saying sorry to me
My daddy's gonna show you how sorry you'll be
And if you're missing me,
You'd better keep it to yourself
'Cause coming back around here
Would be bad for your health...
'Cause I hate that stupid old pickup truck
You never let me drive
You're a redneck heartbreak
Who's really bad at lying
So watch me strike a match
On all my wasted time
In case you haven't heard,
I really really hate that
Burn, burn, burn, baby, burn
You're just another picture to burn
Baby, burn

Drew looks at me, I fake a smile so he won't see
That I want and I'm needing everything that we should be
I'll bet she's beautiful, that girl he talks about,
And she's got everything that I have to live without.
Drew talks to me, I laugh 'cause it's just so funny
Drew talks to me, I laugh 'cause it's so damn funny
That I can't even see anyone when he's with me
He says he's so in love, he's finally got it right,
I wonder if he knows he's all I think about at night
He's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar
The only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing star
He's the song in the car I keep singing, don't know why I do
Drew walks by me, can he tell that I can't breathe?
And there he goes, so perfectly,
The kind of flawless I wish I could be
She better hold him tight, give him all her love
Look in those beautiful eyes and know she's lucky 'cause
So I drive home alone.
As I turn out the light
I'll put his picture down
And maybe get some sleep tonight.
'Cause he's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar
The only one who's got enough of me to break my heart
He's the song in the car I keep singing, don't know why I do
He's the time taken up, but there's never enough
And he's all that I need to fall into.
Drew looks at me, I fake a smile so he won't see.

I don't know what I want, so don't ask me
Cause I'm still trying to figure it out
Don't know what's down this road, I'm just walking
Trying to see through the rain coming down
Even though I'm not the only one
Who feels the way I do
I'm alone, on my own, and that's all I know
I'll be strong, I'll be wrong, oh but life goes on
Oh, I'm just a girl, trying to find a place in this world
Got the radio on, my old blue jeans
And I'm wearing my heart on my sleeve
Feeling lucky today, got the sunshine
Could you tell me what more do I need
And tomorrow's just a mystery, oh yeah
But that's ok
Maybe I'm just a girl on a mission
But I'm ready to fly
I'm alone, on my own, and that's all I know
I'll be strong, I'll be wrong, oh but life goes on
Oh I'm alone, on my own, and that's all I know
Oh I'm just a girl, trying to find a place in this world
Oh I'm just a girl
Oh I'm just a girl, oh, oh,
Oh I'm just a girl

You have a way of coming easily to me
And when you take, you take the very best of me
So I start a fight cause I need to feel something
And you do what you want cause I'm not what you wanted
Oh what a shame, what a rainy ending given to a perfect day
Just walk away, no use defending words that you will never say
And now that I'm sitting here thinking it through
I've never been anywhere cold as you
You put up walls and paint them all a shade of gray
And I stood there loving you and wished them all away
And you come away with a great little story
Of a mess of a dreamer with the nerve to adore you
You never did give a damn thing honey but I cried, cried for you
And I know you wouldn't have told nobody if I died, died for you
Died for you
Oh what a shame, what a rainy ending given to a perfect day
Every smile you fake is so condescending
Counting all the scars you made
And now that I'm sitting here thinking it through
I've never been anywhere cold as you

I didn't know what I would find
When I went looking for a reason,
I know I didn't read between the lines
And, baby, I've got nowhere to go
I tried to take the road less traveled by
But nothing seems to work the first few times
Am I right?
So how can I ever try to be better?
Nobody ever lets me in
I can still see you.
This ain't the best view
On the outside looking in
And I've been a lot of lonely places
I've never been on the outside
You saw me there, but never knew
That I would give it all up to be
A part of this, a part of you.
And now it's all too late. So you see
You could've helped if you had wanted to
But no one notices until it's too late to do anything
So how can I ever try to be better?
Nobody ever lets me in
I can still see you.
This ain't the best view
On the outside looking in
And I've been a lot of lonely places
I've never been on the outside
Oh, yeah
So how can I ever try to be better?
Nobody ever lets me in
And I can still see you.
This ain't the best view
On the outside looking in
And I've been a lot of lonely places
I've never been on the outside